docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/partials/config-evm-compatbility.mdx

## Pros of EVM Compatibility for Arbitrum Chains

> - **Migration and Developer Familiarity**: Ethereum dApps can be ported to Arbitrum with little to no code changes, allowing developers to leverage existing skills, tools (e.g., Foundry, Hardhat), and libraries without a steep learning curve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Migration and developer familiarity**: Ethereum dApps can be ported to Arbitrum with little to no code changes, allowing developers to leverage existing skills, tools (for example, Foundry, Hardhat), and libraries without a steep learning curve.
```
